both bulbs a and c still have a closed path
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2
There is no difference between the two terminals.
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery
there is a gap in terminal 1
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage
the battery alone is in a closed path
Because there is a gap in the circuit.
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.
because there was two negative connections
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.
The bulb takes away the path.
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4
Bulb a created a gap
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
the bulb is in a closed circuit
The circuit is not closed around the battery.
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.
There is a gap in the circuit.
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.
Bulb A has a closed pathway
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.
there was closed paths between the battery
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.
it is not in the same path.
There will be a gap in the path
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
there is a gap in the circuit
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5
You can find where there is a gap
has to do something with a gap
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.
There is a chemical reaction.
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb
bulb b and c are in a closed path
There is a difference in electrical states.
the bulb will not light
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery
The path does not close
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts
there is still a closed path
a gap causes a lost connection
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6
Because there is no gap at terminal 1
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6
A GAP WIL BE CREATED
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.
not contained inthe same path
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path
Battery will always have voltage.
the terminals are not connected
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6
bulb a was on a closed path
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal
bulb c is in its own pathway
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery
"Because it didn""t cause a gap."
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
The path it was on
If the bulb is on the same closed path
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals
a short circuit has occured
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap
there is not gap between the terminals
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.
the two components are seperated.
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.
not connected to positive battery
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.
there is a difference in electrical states
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal
Battery is not contained i a closed path.
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal
There are 2 paths in this diagram
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit
damaged bulb creates a gap.
that the battery connection does not work
because the terminals are not connected
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery
because there is no closed path to the battery
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal
the battery is not in a closed bath alone
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2
the battery is not closed the bulb is.
there is not a gap in the connection
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because neither components are in closed paths.
you can see where the gap is
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.
That there is a gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.
the path passes the energy through the switch
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut
Because the battery is not in a closed path.
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a
There was a closed circuit
"because switch z is in bulb c""s closed path"
Bulb A was still in a closed path
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path
and the circut is closed
"becuase bulb C is on it""s own pathway."
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.
because the battery is not in a closed circuit
the terminal it is connected to is not working
There must be a closed path and a battery.
terminal is connected to terminal 6
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery
Because there is a light bulb
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.
because the the circuit is complete.
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery
switch Y does not effect bulb A
bulb c creates a gap
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway
the two terminals will both be 0
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.
The electrical state is interferred with.
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.
"because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there""s a difference in electrical states."
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.
There is a gap in the path.
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.
switch z is contained in a closed path
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.
it runs on a different current
terminal 6 is connected to the difference
the batteries terminals are not connected
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap
Find where there are different electrical states
circuit 2 is connected to the battery
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit
there is a gap in the circuit
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.
bulb had a short circuit
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal
because the terminals are in the same state
"because switch y isn""t included in bulb A""s closed path"
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals
there was a negavtive gap
terminal is connected to postive end of battery
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.
The path must be closed
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
the bulb is not contained in the path
because positive charge is before gap
Because it is not on the same path
Seperate paths connected to the battery
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.
The battery is not closed in a closed path.
terminal is connected to the battery
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete
there is no closed path in circuit 4.
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.
different paths with the battery
"The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery""s electrical state"
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.
Bulb A is on a closed circut path
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.
gap between 3 and positive battery
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery
because of the gap at bulb b
because bulb c was in an open path
It is not a closed path.
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap
because the battery is in a closed path.
complete path including a battery and a bulb
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit
the closed path is connected to the light bulb
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path
circuit 5 is in a closed path.
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.
Not contained in a closed path
terminal connected to positive charge
because voltage measures the difference between two points
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A
there will be a gap
because each bulb has its own complete path
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit
A terminal is connected to a bulb.
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path
because the path is short
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.
Bulb C will create a gap in the path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.
Each circuit must have a connection.
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.
can complete the path by having z be closed
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery
the positive battery terminal is not connected
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal
a terminal is connected to another terminal
bulb A is connected to switch Z
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.
The positive terminal has 1.5 V
because of the chemical in the battery
Both components need to be in closed paths.
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel
Bulb terminals 3 and 4
the other bulb will not light.
because there was a gap in the terminals
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery
"if the switch is included in the bulb""s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb"
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other
not seperated by a gap
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.
Because their is a gap between A and C now.
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path
the bulb only has one terminal connected
